everybody who will be stocking on on one
here once again with online nights
bringing you another halo 4 forge map
showcase so today's map is entitled
stronghold and it is accompanied with a
game type siege both of which have been
submitted to us by an epic potato so
this map gives a really cool twist to
the traditional flood gameplay bringing
in a new theme and to those of you who
are fans of Lord of the Rings conquest
you're gonna notice that a lot of it is
inspired from that game although this is
not a specifically remake of any map
whatsoever he just kind of takes a few
little aspects from that and really
makes it his own in this awesome halo 4
variation so let's get started as you
can see these are the four classes the
humans will have to choose from there's
the warrior the archer the scout and the
mage the each of their own perks like
the rotor the warrior is the better
swordsman the Archer has Promethean
vision the scout can go invisible and do
stealth assassinations and the mage is
the only one who can do a regen shield
and bring everybody's shield levels back
up really so he is the one you're gonna
want to have to communicate with if you
plan on staying alive
so the different strategies you're gonna
want to run as you can see I'm a warrior
in this video game play so you're gonna
want to stick to the front gates until
they have the other access routes come
in and you're really gonna want to
defend while the mages are gonna want to
be on standby so whenever a player needs
health they are gonna be called in and
they will heal that player so there's
tons of different access points later on
well pretty much it's h3 major ones I
should specify you can approach the main
gate by multiple different areas and you
can use your catapult which are the
Rings in the back there to break down
the front gate and later on as the game
progresses there will be these ladders
that will line up against the walls and
act as the different siege apparatuses
that the orcs because that's who the
foot representing this they're kind of
an orc army will use to enter the castle
so at that point you kind of got to
spread your troops out so as you can see
this is me as a flood trying to rush
into the building once the humans are
kind of spread out more thinly because
of the beginning they only have to
concentrate on the front gate later on
they kind of have to pay attention to
three different spots so once they're
spread out more thinly you can
definitely start to eliminate them one
by one right here is the different the
main door access point I should say that
leads up to a ramp up to the higher area
and you can want to have post your
archers up at the top
of the smart strategy and the mages who
have their plaza pistol can actually EMP
they catapults which are the rates or
you can drop down these kind of
explosive charges at values are just
there that will drop down on the enemies
and you know cost some damage after they
are going at the front gate which they
do need to break down every time it
reloads so if you don't wanna leave that
gate unattended for too long as we're
gonna progress here you can see that
there's kind of like these different
rock ramps and overall the aesthetics on
this map are really nicely done I think
in potato did a wonderful job giving the
large castle feel it feels a little bit
like a hold up map almost any reasons we
want to thank for helping us test out
this map we definitely had a blast of
this there are multiple rounds and the
gameplay can twist really quickly so you
really are going to have to have
intensive teamwork if you plan on
surviving because there's not really
harkens back to that Lord of the Rings
conquest experience brings it in its own
fun way anyways this has been Mobius
five nine nine one here with online
Knights thank you guys so much for
watching you guys want to submit your
own maps to us please be sure to check
the link to the honorary Knight system
which will appear at the end of this
video rate comment and subscribe and
we'll see you guys next time
Oh
you